OSDOCS-3412:Removing AWS-only language from appsDomain ingress config (#43867)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-configuring-application-domain.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-ingress-configuring-application-domain_{context}"]
= Configuring application domain for the Ingress Controller Operator

//OpenShift Dedicated or Amazon RH OpenShift cluster administrator

> As a cluster administrator, you can specify an alternative to the default cluster domain for user-created routes by configuring the `appsDomain` field. The `appsDomain` field is an optional domain for cloud platforms to use instead of the default, which is specified in the `domain` field. If you specify an alternative domain, it overrides the default cluster domain for the purpose of determining the default host for a new route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can specify an alternative to the default cluster domain for user-created routes by configuring the `appsDomain` field. The `appsDomain` field is an optional domain for {product-title} to use instead of the default, which is specified in the `domain` field. If you specify an alternative domain, it overrides the default cluster domain for the purpose of determining the default host for a new route.
```

For example, you can use the DNS domain for your company as the default domain for routes and ingresses for applications running on your cluster.

.Prerequisites

//* You deployed an {OSD} cluster.

> * You deployed an {product-title} cluster on a cloud platform.

Reviewer: `appsDomain` works the same on all platforms, not just cloud platforms.

  appsDomain: <test.example.com>      <2>
----
<1> Default domain

> <2> Optional: Domain for cloud platform infrastructure to use for application routes. Instead of the default prefix, `apps`, you can use an alternative prefix like `test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Optional: Domain for {product-title} to use for application routes. Instead of the default prefix, `apps`, you can use an alternative prefix like `test`.
```
